[docs] Updated Python CHIP controller commissioning guide (#55)
kkasperczyk-no/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/python_chip_controller_building.md

chip-device-ctrl > ble-scan
```

### Step 4: Set underlying network pairing credentials

> The main goal of this step is to provide the controller with network credentials that will be further used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a network interface, such as Thread or Wi-Fi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must provide the controller with network credentials that will be further used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a network interface, such as Thread or Wi-Fi.
```

> #### Setting a Thread network credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting Thread network credentials
```

> 1. Fetch and store the current Active Operational Dataset from the Thread Border Router. Depending if Thread Border Router is running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fetch and store the current Active Operational Dataset from the Thread Border Router. Depending on if the Thread Border Router is running
```

        sudo ot-ctl dataset active -x
        0e080000000000010000000300001335060004001fffe002084fe76e9a8b5edaf50708fde46f999f0698e20510d47f5027a414ffeebaefa92285cc84fa030f4f70656e5468726561642d653439630102e49c0410b92f8c7fbb4f9f3e08492ee3915fbd2f0c0402a0fff8
        Done
        ```

    Matter specification does not define how the Thread or Wi-Fi credentials are
    obtained by Controller. For example, for Thread, instead of fetching
    datasets directly from the Thread Border Router, you might also use a
    different out-of-band method.

> 2. Set the previously obtained Active Operational Dataset as hex-encoded value using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the previously obtained Active Operational Dataset as a hex-encoded value using the following command:
```

    ```
    chip-device-ctrl > set-pairing-thread-credential 0e080000000000010000000300001135060004001fffe0020811111111222222220708fd910d7c195b2158051000112233445566778899aabbccddeeff030e4f70656e54687265616444656d6f010212550410445f2b5ca6f2a93a55ce570a70efeecb0c0402a0fff8
    ```

> #### Setting a Wi-Fi network credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting Wi-Fi network credentials
```

Assuming your Wi-Fi SSID is _TESTSSID_, and your Wi-Fi password is _P455W4RD_, set the credentials to the controller by executing the following command:

```
chip-device-ctrl > set-pairing-wifi-credential TESTSSID P455W4RD
```

### Step 5: Commission the Matter accessory device over Bluetooth LE

> The controller uses a 12-bit value called **discriminator** to discern between
> multiple commissionable device advertisements. Moreover, a 27-bit **PIN code**
> is used by the controller to authenticate in the device. You can find those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The controller uses a 12-bit value called **discriminator** to discern between
multiple commissionable device advertisements, as well as a 27-bit **setup PIN code**
to authenticate the device. You can find these
```

values in the logging terminal of the device (for example, UART). For example:

```
I: 254 [DL]Device Configuration:
I: 257 [DL] Serial Number: TEST_SN
I: 260 [DL] Vendor Id: 9050 (0x235A)
I: 263 [DL] Product Id: 20043 (0x4E4B)
I: 267 [DL] Hardware Version: 1
I: 270 [DL] Setup Pin Code: 20202021
I: 273 [DL] Setup Discriminator: 3840 (0xF00)
I: 278 [DL] Manufacturing Date: (not set)
I: 281 [DL] Device Type: 65535 (0xFFFF)
```

Run the following command to establish the secure connection over Bluetooth LE,
with the following assumptions for the Matter accessory device:

-   The discriminator of the device is _3840_
-   The setup pin code of the device is _20202021_
-   The temporary Node ID is _1234_

```
chip-device-ctrl > connect -ble 3840 20202021 1234
```

> You can skip the last parameter, that is the Node ID. If you skip it, the
> controller will assign it randomly. However, note the Node ID down, because it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip the last parameter, the Node ID, in the command. If you skip it, the
controller will assign it randomly. In that case, note down the Node ID, because it
```

is required later in the configuration process.

> After connecting the device over Bluetooth LE the controller will go through the few stages that are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After connecting the device over Bluetooth LE, the controller will go through the following stages:
```

> - Secure connection establishment that is completing the PASE (Password-Authenticated Session Establishment) session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Establishing a secure connection that completes the PASE (Password-Authenticated Session Establishment) session
```

using SPAKE2+ protocol and results in printing the following log:

    ```
    Secure Session to Device Established
    ```

> - Providing the device with a network interface using ZCL Network Commissioning cluster commands and network pairing credentials set in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Providing the device with a network interface using ZCL Network Commissioning cluster commands, and the network pairing credentials set in the previous step.
```

> - Discovering IPv6 address of the Matter accessory using the SRP (Service Registration Protocol) for Thread devices or the mDNS (Multicast

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Discovering the IPv6 address of the Matter accessory using the SRP (Service Registration Protocol) for Thread devices, or the mDNS (Multicast
```

2021-05-29 22:28:16,246 ChipBLEMgr   INFO     scanning stopped
```

### `set-pairing-thread-credential <threadOperationalDataset>`

> Provides the controller with Thread network credentials that will be further used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a Thread interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the controller with Thread network credentials that will be used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a Thread interface.
```

```
chip-device-ctrl > set-pairing-thread-credential 0e080000000000010000000300001135060004001fffe0020811111111222222220708fd910d7c195b2158051000112233445566778899aabbccddeeff030e4f70656e54687265616444656d6f010212550410445f2b5ca6f2a93a55ce570a70efeecb0c0402a0fff8
```

### `set-pairing-wifi-credential <ssid> <credentials>`

> Provides the controller with Wi-Fi network credentials that will be further used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a Wi-Fi interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides the controller with Wi-Fi network credentials that will be used in the device commissioning procedure to configure the device with a Wi-Fi interface.
```
